The work of the Kingdom,
in my lifetime and before,
Provides me with your written Word,
the truth, and so much more.
Your faithful slave, discreet and wise,
provides increasing light
And sends out men who shepherd me
with loving oversight.
I know expectations
at conventions will be met.
And afterward, I always say,
“Now that’s the best one yet!”
At weekly meetings,
I can feel your thoughtful, loving care
And learn how best to preach and teach
and have a fuller share.
We marvel at your work
And what the Kingdom’s done so far.
We cherish Kingdom rule.
We grow in faith to realize
the kind of God you are.
We look ahead to blessings
that your Kingdom soon will bring.
You give us the honor
to be workers on your side,
Our ministry that lets us show
the love we feel inside.
The depth of understanding
and the peace of mind you give,
They teach us what is pure and true;
they show the way to live.
The songs that express
what’s in my heart so very well
And Fam’ly Worship ev’nings
give your spirit room to dwell.
Our unity, despite whatever language
we might speak,
Proves that our loving brotherhood
in this world is unique.
We marvel at your work
And what the Kingdom’s done so far.
We cherish Kingdom rule.
We grow in faith
to realize the kind of God you are.
We look ahead to blessings
that your Kingdom soon will bring.